Hey.
Hey Lily.
We gonna be late?
Uh, I think we'll be okay.
But, um, could you help me navi though?
I'm terrible at multitasking.
Um, passcode is 1028.
Yeah, I trust you
Just, don't go through the selfie album
Uh, go down main, then we're going straight to 2 miles
Who's Natalie?
Oh, she's just this co-worker from the office and she's super creepy asking me out
What did you say?
"Hey! I think I saw you at 7 Grand last night".
just tell her sorry I must have missed
Sorry. I missed you. Sent.
Wait! What did you say?
No, you can't put a period after sorry!
That makes, "I missed you" a completely new thought
And you even added an emoji..
I didn't know...
Oh, she sent a snap
just give me the phone at the next red light
THE ONE TIME...
Oops, it was on mute
You opened it....
Hi, what you up to?
You're right, she's totally not your type
YOU REPLAYED IT???
She's going to see it
She's going to think I'm into her
I never snapchat before she could tell
She could tell you've seen it??
Yes, you know what
let me pull over
How are there no parking spots on this street??
Hey Natalie, totally didn't mean to replay your snap, I know  that you saw that I saw twice
What are you doing?
I'm snapchatting her back i think that's the
best way to clear up this little
miscommunication you posted to my story
everyone's gonna see that your mom's
texting it was Natalie and that girl in
your snap story your mom use a snapchat
yeah my mom's actually really hit its
cool i wish my parents too bad you know
what I think it's really nice that
they're adapting to new technologies you
know their generation of their culture
that are just like I don't want to do
this right now okay when you hung up on
her any other right now
he worries degree of quarterback ok
calling mom
100 going up you're calling my mom's mom
was mom my ex-girlfriend your mom's your
ex-girlfriend know my mom is mama talked
about all my phone lines mom and my
ex-girlfriends mom that's really
confusing we have this inside joke she
was my boo about that months ago why did
you change your name and why she still
in your favorite i'm still letting gold
maybe you don't have to what you still
love her right right you want to be with
her don't you
i do then let's tell her
ok I think about you every day from
sunrise to the next sunrise and I'll do
everything in my power to have you in my
box yet
thank you oops
what just can't personally
ok
you were supposed to turn right back
there what's up guys hope you learned a
very important lesson from that sketch
which is never let your friends text for
you it can be very dangerous if you guys
want to get one of these shirts they're
available for one week only the links
below get yours today don't wait cause
they're gonna be gone forever
subscribe for more sketches and short
films like this and here's some more
creepy snaps from anakata who was
Natalie, to close up the video
Enjoy
Hi
you huh
Do I look pretty?
been waiting on you you would and I was
three
that was oddly satisfying